LinearEquation Class

Instance Variables:
    private int x - This variable represents the x coordinate.
    private int y - This variable represents the y coordinate.

Variables:
    int x1 - This variable represents the x coordinate of the first pair of coordinates.
    int x2 - This variable represents the x coordinate of the second pair of coordinates.
    int y1 - This variable represents the y coordinate of the first pair of coordinates.
    int y2 - This variable represents the y coordinate of the second pair of coordinates.

Constructors:
    public LinearEquation(int x, int y)

Methods:
    public double slope() - This method will return the slope of the two points, using the equation (x2-x1)/(y2-y1).
    public double y-int() - This method will return the y intercept of the line.
    public double distance() - This method will display the distance between the two points, using the equation sqrt((x2-x1)^2 + (y2-y1)^2)
    public String toString() - This method will display all information about this instance, including x and y coordinates, slope intercept form equation, etc.
    public String equation() - This method will return the linear equation of the two points.
    public void xToInteger() - This method will use the substring method to get the x value and parse it into an integer. (substring.(1, indexOf(,)) // Something along those lines.
    public void yToInteger() - This method will use the substring method to get the y value and parse it into an integer.

EquationRunner.java

Step 1: Import scanner.
Step 2: Ask user to enter first coordinate point.
Step 3: Parse the coordinate points into their own variables x1 and y1.
Step 4: Ask user to enter second coordinate point.
Step 5: Parse the coordinate points into their own variables x2 and y2.
Step 6: Use slope() method to calculate slope.
Step 7: Use y-int() method to calculate the y-int.
Step 8: Use distance() method to calculate the distance.
Step 9: Use the equation() method to create a linear equation.
Step 10: Use the toString method to display all of the information.